The `contextform` subtoolbar is no longer dismissed when using the back button in inline editors. (#3770)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.0-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

> === The `contextform` subtoolbar is no longer dismissed when using the back button in inline mode editors.

Author: ```suggestion
=== In inline mode, pressing the back button dismissed the context toolbar and moved focus from the selected image to the editor.
```

// #TINY-12118

> In inline mode, the context form toolbar incorrectly shifted focus from the selected image to the editor container. As a result, the plugin which relies on the current selection to apply changes was unable to apply attributes like `alt` text to the correct image.

Author: @lorenzo-pomili The title is from the `body` of the `changes.yaml` file in your PR. I can modify the title if you wish.

> In inline mode, the context form toolbar incorrectly shifted focus from the selected image to the editor container. As a result, the plugin which relies on the current selection to apply changes was unable to apply attributes like `alt` text to the correct image.

Author: @lorenzo-pomili Does this look good to you?

`In inline mode, pressing the back button dismissed the context toolbar and moved focus from the image to the editor.`
